---
title: Responsable de la protección de datos de Microsoft
description: Este artículo contiene información sobre el oficial de protección de datos de la Unión Europea (DPO) de Microsoft para el RGPD.
keywords: Microsoft 365, Microsoft 365 Educación, documentación de Microsoft 365, RGPD
ms.custom: seo-marvel-apr2020
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: Microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
titleSuffix: Microsoft GDPR
ms.openlocfilehash: 885055aa0684dc0ad0788a7e056c51b6cfd4c587
ms.sourcegitcommit: 7c1b34205746ff0690ffc774a74bdfd434256cf5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 07/07/2020
ms.locfileid: "45049776"
---
# <a name="microsofts-data-protection-officer"></a>Responsable de la protección de datos de Microsoft

Microsoft has designated a European Union Data Protection Officer (DPO) to be an independent advisor for Microsoft's engineering and business groups and to help ensure that all proposed processing of personal data meets EU legal requirements and Microsoft's corporate standards. The role was designed to meet the GDPR criteria set out in Articles 37-39.

## <a name="qualifications"></a>Cualificaciones

The DPO role requires successful candidates to have at least seven years of professional data protection experience, or a mix of 10 years of data protection, security and enterprise risk management experience in order to be considered for the position. In addition, candidates must have demonstrated expertise in international data protection law and practices. 

## <a name="nature-of-the-role"></a>Naturaleza del puesto

The DPO is involved, properly and in a timely manner, in all key issues which relate to the protection of personal data. This is effectuated, in part, by the DPO's role in reviewing and advising on all Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIAs) generated by Microsoft. As the DPIA program is designed to capture all personal data processing at Microsoft, the DPO will have cross-company visibility into, and the opportunity to inform and advise Microsoft of its obligations pursuant to the GDPR in regards to Microsoft's personal data processing. This same mechanism also allows the DPO to monitor Microsoft's compliance with applicable data protection regulations, including the GDPR, as well as Microsoft's internal policies and controls. 

## <a name="position-of-the-data-protection-officer"></a>Posición del responsable de la protección de datos

The European Union DPO reports directly to Microsoft's Chief Privacy Officer, a senior executive within Microsoft's Corporate and Legal Affairs division.  The DPO role has autonomy to perform the functions in an independent, unbiased manner. Through the Chief Privacy Officer's organization, the DPO has access to training and customer response resources as necessary to perform the DPO functions. The DPO is bound by confidentiality concerning their tasks through the use of a non-disclosure agreement.  

## <a name="contact"></a>Contacto

Data subjects may contact the data protection officer by filling out the webform at [https://aka.ms/privacyresponse](https://aka.ms/privacyresponse). The DPO can also be reached by post at:

Responsable de la protección de datos en la Unión Europea de Microsoft<br>
One Microsoft Place<br>
South County Business Park<br>
Leopardstown<br>
Dublín 18<br>
D18 P521<br>
Irlanda<br>
Teléfono: +353 (1) 706-3117<br>

Los detalles de contacto del Oficial de protección de datos han sido comunicados a la Autoridad de supervisión de Microsoft.

## <a name="learn-more"></a>Obtén más información

- [Centro de confianza de Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/privacy/gdpr-overview)
