---
title: Título 23 NYCRR parte 500
description: Microsoft ha preparado una guía para explicar cómo Azure, Office 365 y Power BI pueden ayudar a las instituciones financieras a cumplir con los requisitos de 23 NYCRR 500.
keywords: Microsoft 365, cumplimiento, ofertas
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
hideEdit: true
titleSuffix: Microsoft Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: fa76fefbeea2c8fc0226a85d5b12599839eba8ca
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920412"
---
# <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-104">Título 23 NYCRR parte 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

## <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-105">Información general del Título 23 NYCRR parte 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-108">Microsoft y Título 23 NYCRR parte 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-108">Microsoft and Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-112">Siga estas instrucciones para acelerar el cumplimiento normativo con el Título 23 NYCRR parte 500, Servicios en la nube de Microsoft: [Soporte técnico con los requisitos de ciberseguridad de NYDFS](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-112">Follow this guidance to accelerate your compliance with Title 23 NYCRR Part 500: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-113">Las normativas de Nueva York requieren que cada entidad financiera:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-113">The New York regulations require each financial institution to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p105">**Designe a un Director de seguridad de la información** (CISO) para administrar el programa de ciberseguridad y aplicar la directiva. Para ayudar a su CISO, Microsoft le proporciona información detallada sobre ciberseguridad para las implementaciones en la nube de Microsoft a través de [Azure Defender\*](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Análisis de amenazas avanzada de Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/) y [Seguridad de Power BI](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p105">**Designate a chief information security officer** (CISO) to manage the cybersecurity program and enforce policy. To help your CISO, Microsoft provides in-depth cybersecurity information about Microsoft cloud deployments through [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/), and [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-125">**Limite el acceso a sistemas de información que contengan información no pública** : medidas que Azure, Office 365 y Power BI ofrecen para un control de acceso basado en roles (RBAC) nativo de cada servicio, estrictos requisitos de seguridad y acceso para todos los administradores de Microsoft y auditorías de todas las solicitudes de acceso con privilegios elevados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-125">**Limit access to information systems that contain nonpublic information** : Measures that Azure, Office 365, and Power BI offer a role-based access control (RBAC) process native to each service, strict security and access requirements for every Microsoft administrator, and audits of every request for elevated access privileges.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-126">**Establezca procedimientos para evaluar y probar la seguridad de las aplicaciones desarrolladas de forma externa** : para desarrolladores que usan Visual Studio, [las Reglas de seguridad](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) para el código administrado pueden ayudar a garantizar que las amenazas de ciberseguridad de la aplicación se detecten y mitiguen antes de implementar el código.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-126">**Institute procedures to assess and test the security of externally developed applications** : For developers using Visual Studio, [Security Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) for managed code can help ensure that application cybersecurity threats are detected and mitigated before the code is deployed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-131">**Implemente directivas y procedimientos para garantizar la seguridad de la información que mantienen los proveedores de servicios externos** : Azure, Office 365 y Power BI hacen que la autenticación multifactor esté disponible para todas las conexiones entrantes a las redes de la empresa; implementan controles, incluido el cifrado, para proteger la información no pública durante el tránsito en redes externas y en reposo; finalmente ofrecen los [Términos de servicios en línea de Microsoft](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) que permiten a los clientes recibir notificaciones, investigar incidencias y mitigar el riesgo de incidentes de seguridad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-131">**Implement policies and procedures to ensure the security of information held by third-party service providers** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI make multi-factor authentication available for all inbound connections to company networks; implement controls, including encryption, to protect nonpublic information in transit over external networks and at rest; and offer [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) that provide for customer notification, incident investigation, and risk mitigation for security incidents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-132">**Implemente directivas y procedimientos de retención y eliminación de datos** : puede obtener acceso a los datos de los clientes y extraerlos en Azure, Office 365 y Power BI en cualquier momento.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-132">**Implement data retention and deletion policies and procedures** : You can always access and extract your customer data stored in Azure, Office 365, and Power BI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-in-scope-cloud-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-137">En el ámbito de los Servicios en la nube de Microsoft </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-137">Microsoft in-scope cloud services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-138">Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-138">Azure</span></span>](https://aka.ms/AzureCompliance)
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-139">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-139">Intune</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-140">Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-140">Office 365</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=2077751)
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-141">El servicio en la nube de Power BI como servicio independiente o incluido en un plan o conjunto de aplicaciones de Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-141">Power BI cloud service either as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365 branded plan or suite</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-142">Preguntas más frecuentes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-142">Frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-143">**¿Qué instituciones se cubren en virtud de este reglamento?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-143">**What institutions are covered under this regulation?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="916c5-144">Consulte al Departamento de Servicios Financieros de Nueva York, [el cual supervisamos,](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) para determinar si su institución se rige por el presente reglamento.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-144">Consult the New York Department of Financial Services [Who We Supervise](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) to determine whether your institution is governed by this regulation.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-145">Recursos</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-145">Resources</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-146">Recursos destacados</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-146">Featured resources</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/compliance/NYCRR)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-147">Departamento de Servicios Financieros del Estado de Nueva York 23 NYCRR 500: Requisitos de ciberseguridad para Empresas de servicios financieros</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098976)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-148">Preguntas más frecuentes: 23 NYCRR parte 500 – ciberseguridad</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-148">FAQs: 23 NYCRR Part 500–Cybersecurity</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098977)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-149">Servicios en la nube de Microsoft: soporte técnico con los requisitos NYDFS de ciberseguridad</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements</span></span>](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-150">Cumplimiento normativo en el Centro de confianza de Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-150">Compliance on the Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/compliance/compliance-overview)

## <a name="other-microsoft-resources-for-financial-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="916c5-151">Otros recursos de Microsoft para servicios financieros</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-151">Other Microsoft resources for financial services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-152">Servicios financieros y servicios empresariales en la nube de Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-152">Microsoft business cloud services and financial services</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/financialservices)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-153">Programa de cumplimiento para los servicios financieros de Microsoft Cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332)
- [<span data-ttu-id="916c5-154">Cumplimiento de los servicios financieros en Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-154">Financial services compliance in Azure</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/)
- <span data-ttu-id="916c5-155">[Responsabilidades compartidas para la informática en la nube](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="916c5-155">[Shared responsibilities for cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span></span> 
