---
title: Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-In license terms
description: Describe los términos de licencia de los mensajes de informe de Microsoft y la suplantación Add-In de identidad
keywords: microsoft, informe, phishing, seguridad, estafa, pirateo, licencia, términos, aplicación, uso, instalación, servicio, comentarios
search.product: eADQiWindows 10XVcnh
ms.prod: w10
ms.mktglfcycl: deploy
ms.sitesec: library
ms.pagetype: security
ms.author: v-maave
author: martyav
ms.localizationpriority: medium
manager: dansimp
audience: ITPro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
ms.topic: conceptual
hideEdit: true
ms.openlocfilehash: a6c28bad5b79bc7459a1a00fabb6713b1759201d
ms.sourcegitcommit: b3bb5bf5efa197ef8b16a33401b0b4f5663d3aa0
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 01/28/2021
ms.locfileid: "50032711"
---
# <a name="microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in-license-terms"></a><span data-ttu-id="84233-104">Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-In license terms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-104">Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-In license terms</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-software-license-terms-microsoft-report-message-and-report-phishing-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="84233-105">Términos de licencia de software de Microsoft: mensaje de informe de Microsoft e complemento de suplantación de identidad de informes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-105">Microsoft software license terms: Microsoft Report Message and Report Phishing Add-in</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="84233-106">Si vive o es una empresa con un lugar de empresa principal basado en Los Estados Unidos, lea la Sección 7, Arbitraje de enlace y renuncia a *la acción de clase.*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-106">If you live in or are a business with a principal place of business based in the United States, please read Section 7, *Binding arbitration and class action waiver*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-107">Describe cómo se resuelven las disputas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-107">It describes how disputes are resolved.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="84233-108">*En inglés:* Como este software se distribuye en Canadá, algunas de las cláusulas de este contrato (específicamente en las secciones 10, 11 y 12) se proporcionan en francés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-108">*In English:* As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement (specifically in Sections 10, 11, and 12) are provided in French.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="84233-109">*En Français* Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat (spécifiquement dans les sections 10, 11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-109">*En Français* Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat (spécifiquement dans les sections 10, 11 et 12) sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="84233-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-110">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-111">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="84233-112">Si cumple con estos términos de licencia, tiene los siguientes derechos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-112">If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-113">Al usar el software, acepta estos términos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-113">By using the software, you accept these terms.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-114">**DERECHOS DE INSTALACIÓN Y USO**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-114">**INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS**</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-115">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-115">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-116">You may install and use any number of copies of the software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-117">**Third Party Software.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-117">**Third Party Software.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-118">El software puede incluir aplicaciones de terceros que Microsoft, no el tercero, le haya puesto bajo licencia en virtud de este contrato.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-118">The software may include third party applications that Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-119">Los avisos incluidos para aplicaciones de terceros son solo para su información.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-119">Any included notices for third party applications are for your information only.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-120">**Contrato de servicios de Microsoft.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-120">**Microsoft Services Agreement.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-121">Algunas características del software proporcionan acceso a los servicios en línea o dependen de ellos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-121">Some features of the software provide access to, or rely on, online services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-122">El uso de estos servicios (pero no el software) se rige por los términos y directivas de privacidad independientes del Contrato de servicios de Microsoft en [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-122">The use of those services (but not the software) is governed by the separate terms and privacy policies in the Microsoft Services Agreement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=398923).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-123">Léalas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-123">Please read them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-124">Es posible que los servicios no estén disponibles en todas las regiones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-124">The services may not be available in all regions.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="84233-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-125">**DATA COLLECTION.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-126">El software puede recopilar información sobre usted y su uso del software y enviarlo a Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-126">The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-127">Microsoft puede usar esta información para proporcionar servicios y mejorar los productos y servicios de Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-127">Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-128">Los derechos de no participar, si los hay, se describen en la documentación del producto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-128">Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-129">Algunas características del software pueden habilitar la recopilación de datos de los usuarios de las aplicaciones que acceden o usan el software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-129">Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-130">Si usa estas características para habilitar la recopilación de datos en sus aplicaciones, debe cumplir con la legislación aplicable, incluida la obtención de cualquier consentimiento de usuario necesario, y mantener una directiva de privacidad destacada que informe de forma precisa a los usuarios sobre cómo usa, recopila y comparte sus datos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-130">If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-131">Puede obtener más información sobre la recopilación de datos de Microsoft y su uso en la documentación del producto y en la Declaración de privacidad de Microsoft en [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-131">You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-132">Usted acepta cumplir con todas las disposiciones aplicables de la Declaración de privacidad de Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-132">You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="84233-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-133">**SCOPE OF LICENSE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-134">The software is licensed, not sold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-135">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-136">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-137">work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-138">reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-139">remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-140">usar el software para actividades comerciales, sin ánimo de lucro o de generación de ingresos;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-140">use the software for commercial, non-profit, or revenue-generating activities;</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-141">use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-142">share, publish, distribute, or lend the software, provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="84233-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-143">**EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-144">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-145">Para obtener más información sobre las restricciones de exportación, visite [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-145">For further information on export restrictions, visit [https://aka.ms/exporting](https://aka.ms/exporting).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="84233-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-146">**SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-147">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-148">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span></span>

6. <span data-ttu-id="84233-149">**UPDATES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-149">**UPDATES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-150">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-151">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-152">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-153">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-154">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span></span>

7. <span data-ttu-id="84233-155">**ARBITRAJE DE ENLACE Y RENUNCIA A LA ACCIÓN DE CLASE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-155">**BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-156">**Esta sección se aplica si se encuentra en Estados Unidos (o, si es una empresa, su lugar de trabajo principal).**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-156">**This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-157">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-158">Si usted y Microsoft no pueden, usted y Microsoft aceptan enlazar el arbitraje **individual** ante la Asociación estadounidense de arbitraje en virtud de la Ley federal de arbitraje ("FAA") y no demandar ante un tribunal delante de un abogado o un **jurado.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-158">If you and Microsoft can’t, you and Microsoft agree to **binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association** under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and **not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-159">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-160">**No se permiten demandas** por acciones de clase, arbitrajes de clase, acciones del abogado general privado y cualquier otro procedimiento en el que alguien actúe con una capacidad **representativa;** ni la combinación de procedimientos individuales sin el consentimiento de todas las partes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-160">**Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions**, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity **are not allowed**; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-161">El contrato de arbitraje completo contiene más términos y se encuentra en [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1) .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-161">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at [https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1](https://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-162">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span></span>

8. <span data-ttu-id="84233-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-163">**ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-164">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span></span>

9. <span data-ttu-id="84233-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-165">**APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-166">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-167">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-168">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-169">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span>

10. <span data-ttu-id="84233-170">*En inglés:* **DERECHOS DEL CONSUMIDOR; VARIACIONES REGIONALES** Este contrato describe ciertos derechos legales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-170">*In English:* **CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS** This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-171">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-172">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-173">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-174">*En Français:* **EFFET JURIDIQUE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-174">*En Français:* **EFFET JURIDIQUE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-175">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-176">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-177">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-178">*En inglés (no se proporciona más traducción al francés en esta sección):* Por ejemplo, si adquirió el software en una de las siguientes regiones, o se aplica la legislación obligatoria del país, se le aplicarán las siguientes disposiciones:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-178">*In English (no further French translation provided in this section):* For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span></span>

    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-179">**Australia.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-179">**Australia.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-180">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-181">**Canada.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-181">**Canada.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-182">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-183">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-184">**Alemania y Austria.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-184">**Germany and Austria.**</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-185">**Garantía.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-185">**Warranty.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-186">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-187">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span></span>
        1. <span data-ttu-id="84233-188">**Limitación de responsabilidad.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-188">**Limitation of Liability.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-189">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span></span>

            <span data-ttu-id="84233-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-190">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-191">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span></span>

11. <span data-ttu-id="84233-192">*En inglés: AVISO* **DE DECLINACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDADES DE GARANTÍA.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-192">*In English:* **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-193">El software tiene licencia "tal como está".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-193">The software is licensed "as is."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-194">El uso que haga de ese contenido es su responsabilidad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-194">You bear the risk of using it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-195">Microsoft no ofrece ninguna garantía, garantía o condiciones expresas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-195">Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-196">En la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, Microsoft excluye todas las garantías implícitas, incluida la comerciabilidad, la idoneidad para un propósito determinado y la no infracción.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-196">To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Microsoft excludes all implied warranties, including merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-197">*En Français*: **EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-197">*En Français*: **EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-198">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-199">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-200">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-201">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-202">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span></span>

12. <span data-ttu-id="84233-203">*En inglés:* **LIMITACIÓN Y EXCLUSIÓN DE DAÑOS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-203">*In English:* **LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-204">Si tiene base para recuperar daños a pesar de la declinación de responsabilidades anterior de la garantía, puede recuperar de Microsoft y sus proveedores solo daños directos de hasta 5,00 USD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-204">If you have any basis for recovering damages despite the preceding disclaimer of warranty, you can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-205">No puede recuperar ningún otro daño, incluidos los consiguientes, pérdidas de beneficios, daños especiales, indirectos o incidentales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-205">You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-206">Esta limitación se aplica a (a) todo lo relacionado con el software, los servicios, el contenido (incluido el código) en sitios de Internet de terceros o aplicaciones de terceros; y (b) reclamaciones por incumplimiento de contrato, garantía, garantía o condición; responsabilidad estricta, negligencia u otro agravio; o cualquier otra notificación; en cada caso en la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-206">This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-207">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-208">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-209">*En Français:* **LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-209">*En Français:* **LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à pouur de 5,00 $ US.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-210">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-211">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-212">Cette limitation concerne:</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="84233-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-213">tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="84233-214">les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d'une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-214">les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="84233-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-215">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="84233-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="84233-216">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span></span>
